2023-08-27: Add Unicode 15 emoji. Issue 11075

2023-08-27: When you click on the invalid command warning,
show a popover explaining what's going on

2023-08-27: Warn if the profile's command doesn't exist
since the shell's path isn't loaded. Issue 11072 and about a
million others

2023-08-27: Add example of dim

2023-08-27: Add zalgo

2023-08-27: Add tool to convert between different Unicode
encodings since Google is too shite to find the online tools
I used to use

2023-08-26: Increase width of font picker panel. Issue 11063

2023-08-26: Don't set input source if input source forcing
is not enabled. Issue 10973ã€€

2023-08-21: Avoid out of bounds access in
urlActionForString. Issue 10972

2023-08-21: Add missing sponsor logo

2023-08-21: Don't insert a newline before a mark when a
trigger detects a prompt but line-style marks are not
enabled. Issue 11067

2023-08-21: When dark mode changes, update the session's
configuration's profile fields since minimum contrast comes
from config.minimumContrast. This fixes a bug where minimum
contrast (and other related fields) didn't update on dark
mode change. Issue 11066

2023-08-20: Add workaround for titlebar accessory bug. Issue
11058.

2023-08-20: Add recently used profiles to dock menu (even
when app isn't running). Issue 1040

2023-08-19: Draw indicators over offscreen command line when
it is visible

2023-08-14: Add a sponsor icon, plus machinery to make this
possible.

2023-08-14: Add an advanced pref for automatically enabling
secure keyboard input. Add support for secure user defaults
to advanced settings for booleans. Issue 11061.

2023-08-13: Fix CGColor leak. Issue 11021

2023-08-12: Python API: Making *Knob classes subclasses of
Knob and moving Knob over to BaseKnob (#485)

Make *Knob classes subclasses of Knob

2023-08-12: When an expectation has a pending match, fail to
copy it rather than creating a copy with a nil regex. Issue
11052

2023-08-11: Ensure decompressed buffers have at least `size`
bytes. Issue 11055

2023-08-11: Shift underlines in GPU rendered offscreen
command lines. Issue 11057

2023-08-07: 3.5.0beta11

2023-08-07: Fix ReportUpload vulnerability

2023-08-07: Fix for method 1 and 2.

Send ^C as the first character of output when entering tmux
integration mode.

2023-08-07: Fixes for method 1.

Remove DECSCPP and DECNLS.  Sanitize title reports to remove
risky characters.

2023-08-06: Make minimal theme change colors according to
profile's separate light/dark mode values. Issue 11029

2023-08-06: Add pref to force keyboard locale. Issue 10973

2023-08-06: Add template for security report

2023-08-06: Put the tabbar back in the titlebar as an
accessory in Ventura. Issue 11038

2023-08-06: Update LetsMove

2023-08-05: Add tags to snippets. Add an advanced profile
pref to filter snippets by tag. Issue 11024

2023-08-01: Prevent cyclic reference to TmuxGateway when
it's a target in its own command queue. Issue 11028

2023-08-01: Arcify TmuxController and TmuxGateway. Make
gateway's delegate weak. Issue 11028

2023-07-28: Add optimizations for looking up a font and for
checking for overwritten images.

2023-07-24: Make git status bar not respond to both click
and mousedown to open menu since they can both happen. Mouse
down seems to be sufficient. Issue 11023

2023-07-24: Don't make focus follow mouse on mouseEntered if
the event fails a hit test. Looks like a bug in macOS 13
that you can get mouseEntered on the wrong view while there
is scroll momentum. Issue 11009

2023-07-23: Bump shell integration

2023-07-18: Add support for 'filename line [number] in
semantic history. Issue 11022

2023-07-15: Add missing key images

2023-07-15: Improve visibility of secure keyboard entry
indicator on dark backgrouns and make the text clearer when
another app has enabled it

2023-07-15: Add OSC 1337 OpenURL=:(base64-encoded URL).
Issue 10994

2023-07-11: Stop parsing OSC after 1 meg payload. Fix a few
bugs in it2dl with it2ssh

2023-07-10: Fix bounds of status bar config numeric knob
steppers

2023-07-10: Add versioning check for move_session

2023-07-10: Add App.async_move_session which uses the new
iterm2.move_session. Add supports for booleans to the
function calling syntax. Issue 11000

Also fix a bug when splitting a non-current tab that would
leave split panes with the wrong blur or missing titlebars
and wrong tab color.

2023-07-09: Add main menu to status bar icon when in
UIElement mode for issue 10695

2023-07-08: Update how passwords are saved in the keychain.
Instead of storing both the account name and username in the
Account field and setting Label to iTerm2, store account
name in Label and username in Account. Issue 10998

2023-07-08: Avoid double accrual of pretyped commands into
the auto composer in Fish which does crazy prompt drawing

2023-07-08: Don't create a side effect while editing the
prompt for the benefit of the auto composer unless auto
composer is enabled. Issue 10938.

2023-07-06: Add a tooltip to 2-factor code in password
manager

2023-07-06: Fix alert.run_modal docs. Issue 10994

2023-07-05: Control-C to exit search field. Issue 10993

2023-07-05: Prevent reentrant joined threads during side
effect when changing background color in minimal theme
(reproducible with Open Quickly)

2023-07-05: Update system window restoration disabled
warning for ventura. Issue 10990

2023-07-03: Make context menu conversions copyable. ISsue
10987

2023-07-03: Make helpful synonyms copyable. Issue 10987

2023-07-03: Add id_ed25519 to scp key paths for issue 5485

2023-07-03: Add advanced pref for horizontal scroll
sensitivity. Issue 10814

2023-07-03: Accept backslash-u in interpolated strings since
they are json encoded. Issue 10982
