<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: I get blank windows, or transparent windows in Exposé.  </strong>

A: Try turning off blur in your terminals. Unfortunately Apple has yet to create a public API for this functionality, and the undocument API we use at the moment has glitches. Namely it doesn't work at all on some older Macs (eg, PowerPC iBook G4s), also on Snow Leopard it causes windows to disappear during expose.


<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: I don't like the way that iTerm2 renders bold fonts.  </strong>

A: Go to Preferences->Bookmarks->Display and change the "Draw bold text in bold font" and "Draw bold text in bright colors" settings.
Try running this command in bash to see the difference between the two behaviours:
<pre>
printf '\e[0;31mplain\n\e[1;31mbold\n'\
'\e[0;91mhighlight\n\e[1;91mbold+highlight\n\e[0m'
</pre>

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: How can I improve iTerm2's performance?  </strong>

A:  Make sure you are running the latest version. Disabling transparency and anti-aliasing helps a little. Using a solid color instead of a background image helps. If you have turned on adjustable font thickness for anti-alised text, turn that off.  Turning off blur can improve performance dramatically for users with older computers.

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: Why my arrow/HOME/END keys are not working?  </strong>

A: When the terminal type of your sessions is set to one of those "xterm" types, iTerm2 handles the arrow keys, the home key, and the end key in a special way. The escape sequences generated by these keys depend on if your session is in the normal mode or the cursor application mode. For the normal mode, iTerm2 generates ESC [ sequences. For the cursor application mode, iTerm2 generates ESC O sequences.<br/>
These two modes are respected by many console programs. Most shells are good with the normal mode. Full screen applications such as vi and emacs usually use cursor application mode. Termcap and terminfo are written for full screen applications, so they will report the cursor application mode sequences.<br/>
In any case, if your keys are not working, first check if iTerm2 is set to correct terminal type. The terminal type set in the terminal profile should match the TERM variable in your session environment. Scripts like bashrc may change the terminal type and create some problem. Secondly, check if there's any customized key bindings for these keys. These settings will override the default behavior. And lastly, check if you have set up your console application correctly. In some system, vi by default works in the original vi mode, which does not support arrow keys.<br/>
If everything else fails, you can fire up another terminal program that works for you, check the escape sequences generated by arrow keys in those program, and go back to iTerm2, type these key sequences in your keyboard profile.

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: I can't input Chinese/Japanese/Umlauts/Accents, why?  </strong>

A: First of all, make sure your encoding settings is correct. For example, there are several encoding standards for Chinese, you need to know which one is used on your system. If you are running a local session, unicode is the standard of Mac OS X. To enable inputing unicode characters in your shell, put this in your ~/.inputrc
<pre>
set meta-flag on
set input-meta on
set output-meta on
set convert-meta off
</pre>
If you are running a telnet session, be sure you turned on the 8-bit data path. Try using "telnet -8 yourhost" in your command.


<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: Where does iTerm2 store its settings?  </strong>

A: Preferences, including profiles and bookmarks are stored in <code>~/Library/Preferences/com.googlecode.iterm2.plist</code>. If something goes wrong, you can try deleting this file and iTerm2 will generate a new settings file that should always work.

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: The fonts are looking weird. What should I do?  </strong>

A: iTerm2 lets you to specify two fonts. If you only use English or western european languages, you probably only need to set the font for ASCII characters. For other languages, you need to specify a font that works with your language as the Non-ASCII font. You need to make sure the size (height) of two fonts do not differ greatly, so iTerm2 won't display a mess of mixed glyphs.


<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: Some characters appear to be twice as wide as others, and things aren't lining up correctly.

Q: I'm a Chinese, Japanese, or Korean user and some characters don't line up because they are not rendered in double-width.
</strong>

A: Go to Preferences->Profiles->Text and change the setting of "Treat ambiguous-width characters as double-width."

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: Can I completely hide the toolbar?  </strong>

A: Yes, you can. The oblong button on the top right corner of the window does the trick.

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: Why can't I set my session's shortcut key to CTRL-COMMAND-D </strong>

A: That key is used by OS X's dictionary program.

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: How do I make the option/alt key act like Meta or send escape codes?  </strong>

A: Go to Preferences->Bookmark tab. Select your bookmark on the left, and then open the Keyboard tab. At the bottom is a set of buttons that lets you select the behavior of the Option key. For many users esc+ will be the best choice.

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: What modifier keys affect marking a selection for copy and paste?  </strong>

A: If you hold down modifier keys while making a selection, the behavior changes in various ways:
Alt/Option: Mouse reporting will be disabled. If you're using vim and you can't make a selection, try holding down the alt key and see if that fixes it.<br/>
Alt + Cmd: Make a rectangular selection.<br/>
Shift: Extend an existing selection.<br/>
Alt + Shift: Extend a rectangular selection.<br/>
Additionally, you can affect other mouse-related activities with modifier keys:<br/>
Cmd+drag a selection copies and pastes it.<br/>
Cmd+click on a URL opens it.

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: How do I change a tab's title?  </strong>

A: Press Cmd-I (or View->Edit Current Session...) and enter a new title in the "Name" field. You can set it programatically (in bash) with:
<pre>
echo -e "\033];MY_NEW_TITLE\007"
</pre>

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: How do I set iTerm2 as the handler for ssh:// links?  </strong>

A: Two steps:
1. Create a new bookmark called "ssh". In the General tab, select the Command: button and enter $$ as the command.<br/>
2. In Preferences->Advanced Settings, select "ssh" under URL schemes and the "ssh" bookmark you just created under Bookmarks. Click Connect.


<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: How can I open a bookmark from the Bookmarks window in a new window without using the mouse?</strong>

A: Select a bookmark with the up and down arrow keys and press shift-enter.

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: How do I get 256 color mode working in vim?  </strong>

A: The recommended way is to set your terminal type to <code>xterm-256color</code> in Preferences->Bookmarks->Terminal->Report Terminal Type. You may also need to put <code>set background=light</code> or <code>set background=dark</code> in your .vimrc. Another technique is described by Kevin Coylar in [this blog post](http://kevin.colyar.net/2011/01/pretty-vim-color-schemes-in-iterm2/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=pretty-vim-color-schemes-in-iterm2) on Pretty Vim Color Schemes in Iterm2.

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: How do I use Growl with iTerm2?  </strong>

A: See [this blog post](http://aming-blog.blogspot.com/2011/01/growl-notification-from-iterm-2.html) on Growl in iTerm2.

<br/><br/>
<strong>Q: How can I adjust the amount that an inactive split pane is dimmed?  </strong>
This is in a hidden setting at the moment. Modify the following command's numerical value to a floating-point number between 0 (no dimming) and 1 (complete dimming). The default is 0.15:
<pre>
    defaults write com.googlecode.iterm2 SplitPaneDimmingAmount \
            -float 0.25
</pre>
Make sure to run this while iTerm2 is not running or it won't take effect.
