---
layout: default
title: Support
---

There are two options for support: post an issue in the
[bug tracker](http://code.google.com/p/iterm2/issues/list), or post a message
to the [forum](http://groups.google.com/group/iterm2-discuss).

Q: I get blank windows, or transparent windows in exposé.

A: Try turning off blur in your terminals. Unfortunately Apple has yet to
create a public API for this functionality, and the undocument API we use at
the moment has glitches. Namely it doesn't work at all on some older Macs
(e.g., PowerPC iBook G4s), also on Snow Leopard it causes windows to disappear
during expose.

Q: I don't like the way that iTerm2 renders bold fonts.
A: Go to Preferences->Bookmarks->Display and change the "Draw bold text in
bold font" and "Draw bold text in bright colors" settings.

Try running this command in bash to see the difference between the two behaviours:

    printf '\e[0;31mplain\n\e[1;31mbold\n'\
    '\e[0;91mhighlight\n\e[1;91mbold+highlight\n\e[0m'

Q: How can I improve iTerm2's performance?
A: First of all, upgrade to the latest version. We are constantly updating the
program to improve its performance. The latest version should run at least as
fast as Apple's Terminal.app. Secondly, there are a couple of things you can
tweak. Disabling transparency and anti-aliasing does have a minimal effect on
speed. Turning off blur can improve performance dramatically for users with
older computers.

Q: Why my arrow/HOME/END keys are not working?
A: When the terminal type of your sessions is set to one of those "xterm"
types, iTerm2 handles the arrow keys, the home key, and the end key in a
special way. The escape sequences generated by these keys depend on if your
session is in the normal mode or the cursor application mode. For the normal
mode, iTerm2 generates ESC [ sequences. For the cursor application mode,
iTerm2 generates ESC O sequences.

These two modes are respected by many console programs. Most shells are good
with the normal mode. Full screen applications such as vi and emacs usually
use cursor application mode. Termcap and terminfo are written for full screen
applications, so they will report the cursor application mode sequences.

In any case, if your keys are not working, first check if iTerm2 is set to
correct terminal type. The terminal type set in the terminal profile should
match the TERM variable in your session environment. Scripts like bashrc may
change the terminal type and create some problem. Secondly, check if there's
any customized key bindings for these keys. These settings will override the
default behavior. And lastly, check if you have set up your console
application correctly. In some system, vi by default works in the original
vi mode, which does not support arrow keys.

If everything else fails, you can fire up another terminal program that works
for you, check the escape sequences generated by arrow keys in those program,
and go back to iTerm2, type these key sequences in your keyboard profile.

Q: I can't input Chinese/Japanese/Umlauts/Accents, why?

A: First of all, make sure your encoding settings is correct. For example,
there are several encoding standards for Chinese, you need to know which one
is used on your system. If you are running a local session, unicode is the
standard of Mac OS X. To enable inputing unicode characters in your shell,
put this in your `~/.inputrc`

    set meta-flag on
    set input-meta on
    set output-meta on
    set convert-meta off

If you are running a telnet session, be sure you turned on the 8-bit data path.
Try using "telnet -8 yourhost" in your command.



Q: Where does iTerm2 store its settings?

A: Preferences, including profiles and bookmarks are stored in
`~/Library/Preferences/com.googlecode.iterm2.plist`. If something goes wrong,
you can try deleting this file and iTerm2 will generate a new settings file
that should always work.

Q: The fonts are looking weird. What should I do?

A: iTerm2 lets you to specify two fonts. If you only use English or western
European languages, you probably only need to set the font for ASCII
characters. For other languages, you need to specify a font that works with
your language as the Non-ASCII font. You need to make sure the size (height)
of two fonts do not differ greatly, so iTerm2 won't display a mess of
mixed glyphs.

Q: Some characters appear to be twice as wide as others, and things aren't
lining up correctly.

Q: I'm a Chinese, Japanese, or Korean user and some characters don't line up
because they are not rendered in double-width.

A: Go to Preferences->Bookmarks->Terminal and change the setting of "Treat
ambiguous-width characters as double-width."

Q: Can I completely hide the toolbar?

A: Yes, you can. The oblong button on the top right corner of the window
does the trick.

Q: Why can't I set my session's shortcut key to `CTRL-COMMAND-D`

A: That key is used by OS X's dictionary program.

Q: How do I make the option/alt key act like Meta or send escape codes?

A: Go to Preferences->Bookmark tab. Select your bookmark on the left, and
then open the Keyboard tab. At the bottom is a set of buttons that lets you
select the behavior of the Option key. For many users esc+ will be the
best choice.

Q: What modifier keys affect marking a selection for copy and paste?

A: If you hold down modifier keys while making a selection, the behavior
changes in various ways:

* Alt/Option: Mouse reporting will be disabled. If you're using vim and you
can't make a selection, try holding down the alt key and see if that fixes it.

* Alt + Cmd: Make a rectangular selection.
* Shift: Extend an existing selection.
* Alt + Shift: Extend a rectangular selection.

Additionally, you can affect other mouse-related activities with modifier keys:

* Cmd+drag a selection copies and pastes it.
* Cmd+click on a URL opens it.

Q: How do I change a tab's title?

A: Press `Cmd-I` (or View->Edit Current Session...) and enter a new title in the
"Name" field. You can set it programatically (in bash) with:

    echo -e "\033];MY_NEW_TITLE\007"

Q: How do I set iTerm2 as the handler for `ssh://` links?

A: Two steps:

1. Create a new bookmark called "ssh". In the General tab, select the
   Command: button and enter $$ as the command.
2. In Preferences->Advanced Settings, select "ssh" under URL schemes and
   the "ssh" bookmark you just created under Bookmarks. Click Connect.

Q: How can I open a bookmark from the Bookmarks window in a new window without using the mouse?

A: Select a bookmark with the up and down arrow keys and press shift-enter.

Q: How do I get 256 color mode working in vim?

A: Kevin Coylar describes it well in this blog post on
[Pretty Vim Color Schemes in Iterm2](http://kevin.colyar.net/2011/01/pretty-vim-color-schemes-in-iterm2/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=pretty-vim-color-schemes-in-iterm2).

Q: How do I use growl with iTerm2?
A: See this blog post on [Growl in iTerm2](http://aming-blog.blogspot.com/2011/01/growl-notification-from-iterm-2.html).
